Fix issues with terrain generation (#3907)
OpenLoco/OpenLoco: CHANGELOG.md

- Change: [#3863] The toolbar buttons can now be set to open on click instead of hover.
- Fix: [#2082] Scrollbars can be overdrawn when certain windows are resized but their scrollview is not.
- Fix: [#2983] Can no longer scroll to adjust terraform tool size widgets.
- Fix: [#3676] Fix bug where last land variation sprite went unused (original bug).
- Fix: [#3855] UI invalidation issue when using switch company cheat.
- Fix: [#3856] News ticker uses double the line height.
- Fix: [#3858] Save file details can overflow the file browser window at minimum height.
- Fix: [#3861] The news sound setting is not read properly from the config file.
- Fix: [#3888] Bridges can be drawn over tall buildings, industries and stations (original bug).
- Fix: [#3890] On Linux/POSIX, setting the game path does not work correctly if it contains spaces.

> - Fix: [#3906] Random landscapes have the wrong terrain applied due to inverted 'terrain near water' condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: [#3906] Random landscapes have their land types applied incorrectly due to incorrect 'near water' and 'around cliffs' conditions.
```
"land object(s)" might be more correct than "terrain"
